Add notes about auto refresh of version info (#201)
neo4j/docs-ops-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/operation/upgrade-manager.adoc

+ 
image::upgrades-plan-in-progress.png[width=800]
+ 

== Keeping verison information up to date

=== Auto-refresh of available Neo4j and NOM versions.

> NOM server will periodically attempt an auto-refresh of available Neo4j and NOM versions by fetching version information from a central location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOM server periodically attempts an auto-refresh of available Neo4j and NOM versions by fetching version information from a central location.
```
